in this video we are going to see how we are going to
to be able to examine the use of our battery
with the application so good they want
know the video and we're going to start with
this application that is called widget
erbol battery that brings us as it says
name widgets and bring us an application
and it brings us a notification to be able
use it from our notifications
as we can see here on the screen like this
How good is our team?
to open the application as you can see
here in me on my home screen I have a
he widget
is quite a father so that 's what
this is all and until next time
the application here I have it is this
says battery widget flange be here
so let's open it
good to enter our a circle t with
a battery the percentage and a circle
it tells us from the bottom as soon as
is going to download our equipment the
battery temperature and the we can
see the use of the battery
we can see it very quickly we go to the
next tab is the history of the
hour and in the load that has had
battery plus some more cycles that we
handles here as the statistics of
current cycle
the charger in disconnected statistics
average over the period these these
depending on each android
the notifications if we want that
we have the bar here
He disappeared
the asset and customize them to
just shrink it with your two fingers
They do this
if they want to enlarge they do this
to the girls so it's like that
tells us that in the notification that
we want you to show us in this case I
I put him to show us a circle
white as in kitkat there you can see it
here is this this corner so
How good is that to your liking for
another one and the white one and it brings the blue ayala
change in this case because the rom that
bring white and I like the
white color I put it there that we want
that we display on the other part
I put that
the remaining time of my life
battery in this case here is already
showing 15 hours 34 minutes and the
my android temperature for
configure or remove this simply you
I plugged the option and selected the one
you want brings us here several and
it brings us several down here
for the part below that we want
advanced options if we want the
graphic of this is great we can
shrink and enlarge how many times
I want to activate it because it is
pretty useful or you can disable it
from here and now he deactivated it and
last we can see
to energy saving settings
we can activate it in night mode
configuration of a tour mode is going to
pay all this we have for the
medium although I do not have activated that
active and good here if we want to eat
fahrenheit degrees and all that so
well the application is very complete is
question that you check it now
that is very very long the application is
a three minute video that I am
recording today and his video today
same so I hope you like this one
is everything and until the next android is
so they give a like in this video if
you liked it and if you want more of this kind
of simple fast applications without
need root useful and free and
this is all
I hope you liked it and even the
next androids now yes then the
application will be down here in the
free version and the pay version
it's also going to be down here but it's
obviously they have to buy it now
yes it's going to be giving away a like you do not
forget and until next time
widget for television